Dawn Abriel: Good morning, are you, Patrick.
Dawn Abriel: You have audio.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I do.
Dawn Abriel: Great, okay. You're Patrick
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm Dr. Aubrey Well,
Dawn Abriel: We kind of have to rush through this, because you're almost 20 minutes late, so
Dawn Abriel: Let me get right to it. Okay. Because I have a 10 o'clock appointment.
Dawn Abriel: Yet, look at when was the last time you had any opioid
Galaxy A10e: Maybe a few hours ago.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and it was heroin.
Galaxy A10e: No Suboxone
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And so that's the boxing that you're getting off the street.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And how much did you take
Galaxy A10e: Or I take one or two a day but
Galaxy A10e: I took
Galaxy A10e: I took it home later on.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, just so you know that's not how this medicine is meant to be taken. You don't divide it up during the day.
Dawn Abriel: You take whatever you need, first thing in the morning, the same time every day.
Dawn Abriel: It, it stays in your body for 36 to 42 hours so
Dawn Abriel: The idea that you're going to have to take it throughout the day just doesn't make sense because it lasts so long and your body
Galaxy A10e: Well, sometimes I don't always have a steady send them out. Like if I will be prescribed, you remember, um,
Galaxy A10e: Sometimes I don't have like so many to take at a certain time. Sometimes you get one or two.
Galaxy A10e: Right, I understand that, but
Dawn Abriel: I'm just telling you so you don't do that, while you're in the program because it's
Galaxy A10e: Not appropriate
Galaxy A10e: OK, OK. I understand.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and
Dawn Abriel: When did you start doing the subs.
Galaxy A10e: Six months ago.
Galaxy A10e: About six months ago.
OK.
Dawn Abriel: So the, the usual dose, were you doing heroin before
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Was the most amount of heroin, you had been doing
Galaxy A10e: Maybe a gram a day.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, yeah. So one strip or one and a half strip tomorrow morning, take
Dawn Abriel: Take another half a strip. As soon as we're done, and
Dawn Abriel: Then take one and a half strips tomorrow morning.
Dawn Abriel: And let's see if that does it for you. My guess is that that will work for you.
Dawn Abriel: From Billy Graham Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And how old were you when you first started doing any kind of illicit drug even marijuana
Galaxy A10e: I'm gonna say about
Galaxy A10e: 12 or something. Exactly. Crank pancreatitis, growing up.
Galaxy A10e: And
Galaxy A10e: I'd be prescribed
Galaxy A10e: Opiates for pain management and
Galaxy A10e: Just kind of stemmed from that name.
Dawn Abriel: So you've been on it for
Dawn Abriel: 21 years 22 years
Galaxy A10e: Really maybe not necessarily heroin, but like maybe some former give right
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And do you still have chronic pancreatitis.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. Have you ever. Did you ever hear it.
Dawn Abriel: What did they, what is it stemmed from
Galaxy A10e: Never. It was inconclusive it on. I was two years old, dead.
Galaxy A10e: Spot or surgery.
Galaxy A10e: They said I ingest something toxic or was
Galaxy A10e: altimeter or maybe in a minister, Minister, Tony. Nice way to locate a toddler and they had me to Albuquerque, New Mexico children's hospitals are doing it for 3030 and they really didn't figure it out or nothing, and
Galaxy A10e: I would have like attacks throughout the year where I'd be hospitalized for like the week time in extreme pain and
Galaxy A10e: They would send me home with
Galaxy A10e: A script to ever and I for a while. I started getting older and I started to like that to get addicted, you know,
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Have you ever had an overdose.
Galaxy A10e: Um, no.
Dawn Abriel: No infections know abscesses, or heart infections. Were you an IV drug user
Galaxy A10e: Like when I'd be in Australia. Give me like
Dawn Abriel: No, no, I mean the heroin that you used were you using needles.
Galaxy A10e: Know, keep it just smoking the most part, but maybe a few times I tried it.
Dawn Abriel: You have any legal issues pending from your drug abuse.
Dawn Abriel: Problems with relationships and works work because of your drug use.
Galaxy A10e: Well, that's really all
Dawn Abriel: And is this the first program you've been in
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: And sleep and anxiety or issues for you. I know anxiety is because I looked at your score, but is opioids mess with your sleep center in your brain. So I'm assuming you also have problems with that.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah i tails late because
Galaxy A10e: I was up last night.
Galaxy A10e: And I felt
Galaxy A10e: So called me Billy was reading that we're in right now.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: What would you say your stress level level is right now, mild, moderate, or severe
Galaxy A10e: I'm pretty mild
Dawn Abriel: And and that's because of financial educational health occupational relationships social history, what, what's the source of the stress.
Galaxy A10e: When I say
Galaxy A10e: financial relationship and
Galaxy A10e: All the above, because right now we're going through endemic and whatnot.
Galaxy A10e: And
Galaxy A10e: When you work in with this. On top of that, too.
Galaxy A10e: Much possible situation now.
Dawn Abriel: Have you, have you ever been hospitalized for a mental health issue.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: I will put
Dawn Abriel: chronic pancreatitis in here. And since age two and the transcriber will fill in that bubble. And do you know what your blood type is
Galaxy A10e: No to do
Not
Dawn Abriel: Ever had any head trauma any I your nose or throat diseases, any respiratory problems, you don't have bronchitis or asthma.
Dawn Abriel: And any joint muscle or bone problems thyroid disease, diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases or ever tested positive for tuberculosis no skin problems with new rashes.
Dawn Abriel: New moles epilepsy seizures severe headaches or a stroke.
Dawn Abriel: Bipolar depression hallucinations and
Dawn Abriel: Delusions any suicidal thoughts or
Dawn Abriel: Attempts know live
Dawn Abriel: No liver disease gallbladder disease heartburn hemorrhoids alters your, your bladder and your kidney and your penis work the way they're supposed to. You don't have kids, you don't have allergic chronic sinus infections dentures, your heart, you were
Dawn Abriel: Not born with a heart murmur.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, I'm in the process of getting my all my teeth removed to have some ditch there to have a little my top
Galaxy A10e: But I still digging my bottom ones out there like writing stuff so
Galaxy A10e: Other than that I
Galaxy A10e: See no
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you don't have hepatitis C, or you don't know if you do
Galaxy A10e: I don't have it.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And have you already gone for your blood work for bright heart health.
Galaxy A10e: Oh no, I haven't. But I'm still working that out with some conversation.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I recommend that you call the quest lab and you ask them if they have a protocol for protecting you from the virus and you should go in there, wearing a mask.
Galaxy A10e: All right. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And, you know, a mask. You can wear a handkerchief.
Dawn Abriel: It just about anything that you can double over over your face.
Dawn Abriel: You know, you look on the internet. They're just a trillion different ways to make a mask so no other medical problems that I haven't asked you about
Galaxy A10e: Oh no. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Have you had any oh you had that exploratory surgery when you were a child.
Galaxy A10e: I believe that also put a counter don't throw it to
Dawn Abriel: endoscopy.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: That's
About
Galaxy A10e: Stem like Oh, certainly some stuff.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so you have your tonsils in your appendix in your gallbladder.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And is your mother alive and in good health.
Galaxy A10e: Yes, but we currently don't really talk about. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: She does not have addiction problems.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And your father. Is he alive and in good health.
Yes.
Galaxy A10e: No addiction. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And you have brothers and sisters
Yes.
Galaxy A10e: Do you don't have any addiction problems.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so first sister is alive and in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Do you have a second sister.
Galaxy A10e: No, only one sister.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and first brother is alive and in good health.
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: You have a second brother. No. Okay. And where do you fit in the family.
Galaxy A10e: I'm the oldest
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about tobacco. When did you start and how much do you smoke now.
Galaxy A10e: Practice.
Dawn Abriel: Right. Have you ever tried to quit.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Dawn Abriel: Well, that's part of why your teeth are so bad, but
Dawn Abriel: And alcohol, what
Dawn Abriel: Role is alcohol played in your life.
Galaxy A10e: I don't drink alcohol makes me sick.
Galaxy A10e: But
Galaxy A10e: I don't know.
Galaxy A10e: Where
Dawn Abriel: Do you eat more than three fast food meals.
Galaxy A10e: A
Week.
Dawn Abriel: So do you cook for yourself.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, when I can or somebody else me or
Galaxy A10e: Everybody
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh. Do you have a household smoke detector where you live.
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And are there any firearms in your home.
No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And are you sexually active right now.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born male and you identify as male
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Did you ever use benzodiazepines recreationally
Galaxy A10e: No.
Dawn Abriel: Values Zandi bar Xanax Ambien none of those
Dawn Abriel: And you were born and raised where
Galaxy A10e: I'm El Paso, Texas and in Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me about your marijuana use
Galaxy A10e: Oh, it's like restoration know
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started in the last dose.
Galaxy A10e: Uh, probably when I was 17 I started and
Galaxy A10e: Just last night.
Dawn Abriel: And methamphetamines
Galaxy A10e: No.
Dawn Abriel: Never tried it.
Galaxy A10e: Try it, but
Galaxy A10e: I really
Dawn Abriel: Gay and cocaine.
Galaxy A10e: Number alright legend like okay
Dawn Abriel: Great, um,
Galaxy A10e: I don't know what that is.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and no legal issues right now and with whom do you live.
Galaxy A10e: Right now I've been kind of bouncing between my girlfriend's house.
Galaxy A10e: And
Galaxy A10e: My dad grew up in town.
Galaxy A10e: Kind of bouncing everywhere, really. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So, um, do you have any children.
Know,
Dawn Abriel: How far did you go in school.
Galaxy A10e: 10th grade.
Dawn Abriel: Tell me about your employment history.
Galaxy A10e: Oh,
Galaxy A10e: I last legitimate job I had was probably a wide range from 2006 to 2011 ever since I've been working kinda like a job.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, any military service.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And what is your source of support.
Galaxy A10e: I don't really know one right now I'm just gonna like
Galaxy A10e: Just
Galaxy A10e: Gene by our right hand.
Galaxy A10e: Which sounds and
Galaxy A10e: Pre medical learner.
Galaxy A10e: OK.
Dawn Abriel: So now I'm going to read a really long list of symptoms and just tell me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot, even a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision changing vision difficulty hearing, hearing loss straining from ears ringing in your ears.
Dawn Abriel: Bloody nose chronic congestion. So our lips or a mouse or tongue neck lumps.
Dawn Abriel: Stiffness in your neck or pain in your neck, difficulty breathing shortness of breath or a new cough chest pain, irregular heart rate, not being able to breathe when you lie down swelling in your ankles varicose veins, diarrhea, constipation, diarrhea, constipation, from the opioids.
Galaxy A10e: Not really, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain, blood in your urine painful urination pain a lot not paid enough changing hair nail or skin texture new moles
Dawn Abriel: Back pain, neck pain tender points muscle cramps limp headaches vertigo lightheadedness fainting numbness, tingling weakness tremor lack of coordination or difficulty speaking changing mode, a mood rather have depression sadness interfering with life and but you said positive for anxiety.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: See suicidal thoughts hopelessness senior hearing things that other people don't are easy bruising.
Galaxy A10e: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you you don't take any prescription medicines.
Dawn Abriel: And are you allergic to anything. No.
Dawn Abriel: And you bathe yourself dress yourself feed yourself. Go to the bathroom by yourself and get from one place to another by yourself. You know who you are, where you are. You can make decisions you have somewhat of a memory. You can focus your attention and you can read
Galaxy A10e: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So, do you know how to get your pulse.
Galaxy A10e: underwritten
Dawn Abriel: But let me show you. You have you have a muscle that goes from your jaw down to your throat in front of that muscle is the carotid artery, and if you press lightly just in front of that muscle you can get the pulse. So get it for me and I'll tell you when to start counting
Galaxy A10e: I kind of have a long as it could have had the reader on it and I all right later.
Dawn Abriel: Will
Dawn Abriel: You go to the other side of your neck.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: In front of the muscle know you're on top.
Dawn Abriel: There right in there but press slightly if you press too hard. You push you block it off.
Dawn Abriel: I think you're pressing too hard.
Dawn Abriel: You feel it.
Dawn Abriel: You know, go back where you were, but a little forward yeah right in there.
Dawn Abriel: And lighten up just a little
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, now you feel it.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, hold on. I'll tell you when to start counting
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Stop what number
Galaxy A10e: Or
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
Dawn Abriel: In your current weight.
Dawn Abriel: Now I want you to come real close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see underneath your eyelid.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, good. Let go pull back, make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: All the way to the left, all the way up.
Dawn Abriel: And all the way down. Okay. Look straight ahead, read out of either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: Okay, open your mouth really wide and let me see in your mouth and stick your tongue out. Move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Good. Close your mouth bite down no job pain.
Dawn Abriel: Good. And let me see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, move the camera down just a little bit and let me see you take a deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Let me see you put your chin to your shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: And ear to shoulder both sides.
Dawn Abriel: Head back and head forward.
Dawn Abriel: All right, and pull the camera down and let me see you press on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Dawn Abriel: You have pain in your belly when you poke around now.
Dawn Abriel: Good. What was the last time you had an attack of pancreatitis.
Galaxy A10e: Go letting go. The hospital. Is it gonna
Galaxy A10e: Clean
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And make the camera go down and let me see your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, everyone.
Dawn Abriel: Good and prop the camera up so I can. I want to see you pull on your fingers.
Dawn Abriel: Good. And I want to see you tap your fingers to your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: Tap both hands, tap your fingers to your thumb.
Dawn Abriel: All right, good. Now let's talk about your program.
Dawn Abriel: You're going to have to find a way of setting your phone getting an alarm clock, you're going to have to find a way
Dawn Abriel: Of making appointments because twice a week, you're going to have to make an appointment.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: This is really tough for addicts, they they blow they blow it off and I will prescribe your medicine, when you show up on time for group, you don't show up, you don't get your medicine.
Dawn Abriel: So this is how we we get you in so that you get the therapy. You need because the therapy is the real medicine. The, the Suboxone is the space holder. It gives you your life back enough so that you can, you know,
Dawn Abriel: Go to the dentist.
Dawn Abriel: So that you can find work when this whole thing, you know.
Dawn Abriel: Resolves
Dawn Abriel: But you got to get the therapy because the opioid has changed your brain, so, so much. You don't even know what you don't know.
Dawn Abriel: And in order for that wiring to get changed in your brain. You have to be in therapy.
Dawn Abriel: So what you're committing to is one hour a week of group and one hour a week of individual therapy so
Dawn Abriel: Is there any reason why you couldn't come to a group on Tuesday at noon.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, then let's do that. So you're going to be with me as the physician and a therapist name when I'm here.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to be sending you an email The email will have some really important numbers in it, don't throw it away. Keep the email because you're going to want to refer to it. So your group is it Tuesday at noon.
Dawn Abriel: That means you have to do a few things before group, you have to fill out a brief addiction monitor. We call it the BAM.
Dawn Abriel: And it's similar to one of the evaluations. You already did. But people can't talk about everything that's going on with them and group. So I look at all their bands. Every patient, every week, every time to see how they're doing.
Dawn Abriel: And the, the care coordinators in the virtual clinic where you went. Just before you came to see me.
Dawn Abriel: I think it was Jamie, you were dealing with and she will check to see that you did your BAM and
Dawn Abriel: Then she'll give you the group zoom number because it changes every week.
Dawn Abriel: When you're in group, it has to be like this. The lighting has to be good enough for us to see your facial expression and they're absolutely positively never, ever, ever. Can there be someone else in the room with you.
Dawn Abriel: Because if someone looks at your screen and see someone they know in the group that would be a violation of privacy. And if that ever looks like it's happening. We will kick you out of the group because it's against the law so
Dawn Abriel: I will write for you to get one and a half strips so that's 12 milligrams and I'll get you to Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: It'll take you about three or four days for us to know how your body is responding to that.
Dawn Abriel: Amount.
Dawn Abriel: Don't take more than what I'm giving you
Dawn Abriel: Wait till Tuesday. If it seems like it's holding you for 24 hours. That's great. If not, then I can order more but don't take more on your own.
Dawn Abriel: I just really confuses things. Um, have you ever been in therapy before
Dawn Abriel: Okay, well,
Dawn Abriel: You're, you're gonna like this therapist. She's I think the best we have in bright heart health. Of course I know know all the therapist but anyway.
Dawn Abriel: You already gave the care coordinators, the
Dawn Abriel: Pharmacy, so I'll order that in just a few minutes and every month bright heart health will send you an envelope like this and it when you get it in the mail. Do not open it. If you open it, they won't use it.
Dawn Abriel: They'll make you go to a lab to do your urine drug screen, you go to the virtual clinic, the place you went to before you came in to see me to get my zoom room number
Dawn Abriel: And you say, Hey, I got this in the mail. What do I do with it. They'll then you'll you'll open this in front of them, you'll take this out.
Dawn Abriel: And you'll open this in front of them and it has a urine cup in it, you'll go to the bathroom.
Dawn Abriel: Give us a sample and you'll come back and you'll hold this up to the camera and turn it very slowly and they will read the results. And that's all you have to do once a month for your urine drug screen.
Dawn Abriel: We get give he prescriptions electronic prescriptions. So I will electronically write the prescription and submitted to the pharmacy and it takes about 1520 minutes before they receive it. So in about an hour. Well, how many steps do you have left.
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you could go today and take that other half.
Dawn Abriel: Then tomorrow, you're going to take one and a half, okay.
Dawn Abriel: until Tuesday.
Dawn Abriel: And if you have problems with the pharmacy. Just remember to say it's an E prescriptions. So they go to the computer and look for the script. If you don't say he prescribed. Sometimes they're looking through a stack of faxes and then it's just takes a lot longer.
Dawn Abriel: Again, you're going to call a quest. The closest quest lab and say, you know, what are you doing about the coven 19 and how should I show up and when should I show up.
Dawn Abriel: I give Narcan by law. We have to give Narcan whenever we order an opioid so remember buprenorphine Suboxone or the generic that you will be getting it.
Dawn Abriel: Is a long acting opioids, you're still physically dependent on an opioid, it's just that now you're taking a long acting opioids.
Dawn Abriel: So after we're done here. You're going to go back to the virtual clinic and you're going to do two things you're going to ask the care coordinator. How do I do the BAM.
Dawn Abriel: And you're going to do one more survey the ACE AC E. It stands for adverse childhood events. So it's only 10 questions one time.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: But that needs to be done as soon as possible. Do you have any questions.
Dawn Abriel: Okie doke. Then how are you going to make yourself make the Tuesday appointment.
Galaxy A10e: Um,
Galaxy A10e: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, I get someone else to remind me.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. For the first little while because your brain. Your brain is not used to
Dawn Abriel: Just not used to this kind of commitment.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And I mean, you blew me off this morning. If it hadn't been for the care coordinator calling you, what would have happened.
Dawn Abriel: You you muted yourself.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Yep, I'm here.
Dawn Abriel: Mr. Yeah yeah and and that's the trick that an addict brain does. And we understand that.
Dawn Abriel: It can only happen so many times. Right. And then we say, well, he's not really interested in recovery. But, and you can always come back. Right.
Dawn Abriel: We never turn people away unless
Dawn Abriel: They don't have good Wi Fi. This is called telemedicine.
Dawn Abriel: So if you can't do the tele
Dawn Abriel: You're not getting the medicine.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Galaxy A10e: Yes. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: When's your group.
Galaxy A10e: Tuesday.
Galaxy A10e: Each
Time.
Galaxy A10e: You see Tuesday.
Galaxy A10e: I did.
What time
Oh,
Galaxy A10e: Well,
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh. I
Dawn Abriel: think it'd be a good idea if you wrote this down or put it on account.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I can remember we're second
Dawn Abriel: I'm sorry, I, I just don't believe you.
Dawn Abriel: You need to write it down.
Galaxy A10e: For
Dawn Abriel: You. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And you need to put it in your phone, you need to program the phone. And if you have trouble doing that. Ask the care coordinators, when you go there and then what are you going to do right after we're done.
Galaxy A10e: Ask him about that. I'm survey liver and
Dawn Abriel: BAM to think
Dawn Abriel: The man.
Dawn Abriel: And the ace. Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Man, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You have to do the band before every group every single week every group.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, you can do it an hour before the day before. But if you wait till the last minute, the group will close and then you won't get your medicine that week.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So if you if you don't have any other questions, then I'll let you get off and then you can go back to the virtual clinic.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Galaxy A10e: All right.
Galaxy A10e: Nice meeting you very much.
Dawn Abriel: We'll see you Tuesday.
Galaxy A10e: Thank you.
Dawn Abriel: Bye bye bye bye
Dawn Abriel: Okay. I think all that's left here is to say, Nick, go to the pen.
Dawn Abriel: And marijuana
Dawn Abriel: Chronic Pain Korea.
Dawn Abriel: Oh, never spelled dependence correctly. Thank goodness for are correct. All right. And he is Tuesday at 12
Dawn Abriel: And he's going to be on 12 milligrams
Dawn Abriel: We will say mood and effect was
Dawn Abriel: Patient appeared
Dawn Abriel: High
Dawn Abriel: And insight and reflection was concrete.
Dawn Abriel: I'm going to say
Dawn Abriel: Long term.
Dawn Abriel: Attention and concentration
Dawn Abriel: Appeared
Dawn Abriel: Mildly compromised.
Dawn Abriel: He was
Dawn Abriel: Poorly groomed.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that should do it for him.